rbd docs: document cp versus deep cp (#41529)
ceph/ceph: doc/man/8/rbd.rst

:command:`cp` (*src-image-spec* | *src-snap-spec*) *dest-image-spec*
  Copy the content of a src-image into the newly created dest-image.
  dest-image will have the same size, object size, and image format as src-image.

>   Note that snapshots are not copied. Use `deep cp` command to copy
>   the image including snapshots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Note: snapshots are not copied, use `deep cp` command to include
  snapshots.
```

Author: OK, pull request updated according to your suggestions.

:command:`deep cp` (*src-image-spec* | *src-snap-spec*) *dest-image-spec*
  Deep copy the content of a src-image into the newly created dest-image.
  Deep copy will copy all the image snapshots as well as the "head".

>   Dest-image will have the same size, object size, image format, and snapshots as src-image.

Reviewer: It already says that: "... and snapshots as src-image."  That is `cp` doesn't mention snapshots, while `deep cp` does.  

Perhaps it would be better to add a "Note that snapshots aren't copied, use `deep cp` command for that" note to `cp`?

Author: @idryomov - thanks for the review. I removed the sentence from `deep cp` description and added note to `cp` description. Does it look better now?
